the anger of the week serves the channel
where people send me their anger and I
there were but who is fucking with the shit
but is that I say is that above and two
bullets but he said bruno a whole very good
the pages of chapter 19 of the ru
astigitans of the crossbow son of a bitch
motherfucker far lopez of fucking uncle
he often looks for his lad, people come to him
in the comment box
the whore whore
gilmar that the long distance and is a
long-range weapon is that it does not have
I sense this weapon puts a chicken in you
from 20 meters and you the band and google
uncle but what are you telling me or the
wheel the damn wheels
to see no one ends the game me the
I'm going to see if that's true
that killing a bullet now the s12 killed
a bullet the pharmacy of a bullet and this
marks it from a bullet nor age whether
I manage that yes yes it's more expensive
tactical that the other characteristics
like he likes to walk around here no no
speak not a letter come anything you bring me
mates I do not I do not concrete it and
this time
fuck was the front in the middle room
for it comes out with the fucking shit of
weapons because also of all god the
frank peta that I'm going to send you a
message to the we're excess that I dreamed about him
and all this not a frank peta this is
an exact god's misfortune
that the cojones arrived
of whores co game said the fucking
disgusting map that fucking all day bow
well I just entered a game of vide and
has been put there domain with fat
catching the fields this game is
true for you to see moves warfare 2
to see if the game comes out
you see modern warfare 2
fuck
fuck this fire
infinity ward aimed Basque to break
here
trash game trash bomb pump bomb
they bust me disoriented uncle do not fuck me
it does not improve
how disgusting what disgusting pussy when people
play if I swear it is that he got the
paw in the mouth throws the asshole that
I shit on the fucking guy where you went stuart
Dolittle never bastard bastard or
mel forward asshole assholes no
you kill yourself kill and others
delayed is that what disgust pull people
of equipment everything has my bed
by the ass fucking where are you asshole
crisis a delayed panda normal fucking
that is a normal fucking to beta 2
for a while, go, the team touches me
more than mancos uncle of the fucking planet but
uncle of the protoplaneta look is already the
son whore shift because yes he knew what
I knew you were going to be there and fagot
You're a nasty but good fucking pig
but well do not affect it later in the
aspect does not affect host bitch and the
another site is possible there that are
organized to camp uncle to point
campear are organized but as they have
could if three people here that love
how can they kill where
my teammates over and an asshole
uncle please please revive me that
I speak the fucking head like I do not
revive and once there is a and companion
91 and the fucking first fuck takes everything
the ass fucking
Fuck Ghost Fuck
this game
bastard
but do not touch me
Well I hope you like the anger
this week remember that you can
participate upload your video yours
ungraded channel and by message
send me a private video and candles but
it's like always at this point there is
the next goodbye